Prepare for 2.4.1 (#753)
microsoft/vscode-cordova: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.4.1
* Added Ionic 6 version support [#748](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-cordova/pull/748)

> * Implement `spaUrlRewrite` option for simulate scenarios [#750](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-cordova/issues/750)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Implemented the `spaUrlRewrite` option for Simulate debug scenarios to improve page refreshing in case of URL rewrites caused by the router in single page applications [#750](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-cordova/issues/750)
```
